26685 26687 view progress timelines (#27349)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### Named view progress timelines property

> The CSS [`view-timeline-name`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/view-timeline-name) property lets you give a name to a `view-timeline`, that is referenced with a [`<custom-dent>`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/custom-ident), to animate elements as they appear in the scroller.

Reviewer: The way I read the animation is not so much "as they appear", as "as they move through". How about something like ...

```suggestion
The CSS [`view-timeline-name`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/view-timeline-name) property lets you give a name to a `view-timeline`. A named view progress timeline is used to animate the associated element as it moves through the visible area of its ancestor scroller.
```

See ([Firefox bug 1737920](https://bugzil.la/1737920)) for more details.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Release channel</th>
      <th>Version added</th>
      <th>Enabled by default?</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Nightly</th>
      <td>114</td>
      <td>No</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Developer Edition</th>
      <td>114</td>
      <td>No</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Beta</th>
      <td>114</td>
      <td>No</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Release</th>
      <td>114</td>
      <td>No</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Preference name</th>
      <td colspan="2"><code>layout.css.scroll-driven-animations.enabled</code></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Anonymous view progress timelines function

> The CSS [`view()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-timeline/view) function lets you anonymously animate elements as they appear in the scroller.

Reviewer: Never sure how much time to spend on these things. How about this though.

```suggestion
The CSS [`view()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-timeline/view) function lets you specify that the `animation-timeline` for an element is a view progress timeline, which will animate the element as it moves through the visible area of its ancestor scroller.
The function defines the axis of the parent element that supplies the timeline, along with the inset within the visible area at which the animation starts and begins.
```
